README.md, before:


<div align="center">
    <figure>
        <div>
            <img src="www/screenshots/home.png" alt="Home" title="Home" width="700">
        </div>
    </figure>
</div>

### Goals 
- **Full home automation with wife acceptance**

### Climate control 🌡
- **Lyric Thermostat** <sup>[WiFi]</sup> 

### Door Locks and Garage 👮
- **Schlage BE469 Touchscreen Deadbolt** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) front/back door locks and sounds alarm if forced entry
- **[OpenGarage](https://opengarage.io/)** <sup>[WiFi]</sup> to control and monitor garage door 

### Cameras
- **Arlo Ultra 4K UHD Security System** (x2)
- **Arlo Baby** 
- **WyzeCam v2**

### Speakers and Entertainment Systems 
- **Google Nest Hub** (x2) for displays 
- **Google Home**  
- **Google Home Max**
- **JBL Link 500**  
- **Insignia NS-CSPGASP** 
- **NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV**

### Light switches
- **GE 26933 Smart Motion Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) great light switches for motion detection in bathroom and stairway 
- **HomeSeer HS-WD200+ Wall Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) great light switches with easy to use dimmer lights
- **GE 26931 Smart Motion Switch** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> 
- **GE 14294 In-Wall Smart Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> 
- **Zooz ZEN23 Toggle Switch V2.0** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>

### Light Bulbs
- **LIFX Mini White** <sup>[WiFi]</sup>

### Sensors 📡
- **FIBARO System FGMS001-ZW5 Motion Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Neo CoolCam Battery Powered PIR Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Kaipule PIR Celling Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Xiaomi Mi Smart Home Aqara Human Body Sensor** (x2) works through the Xiaomi gateway 

<p align="right"><a href="#top" title="Back to top">🔝</a></p>

### Human interfaces 
- **[Aeotec ZW130 WallMote Quad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vc1Ift7ND8)** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> remote control.

### Hubs and Bridges
- **Xiaomi smart multifunctional gateway** <sup>[WiFi</sup> to control Xiaomi device and sensors 

## Setup 🔩
- **Sigma Designs UZB Z-Wave USB Adapter** for low-power consumption & the reliability that Zigbee isn't
- **WiFi** whenever possible

Commit message:

added my e-book and led lights info

README.md, after:


<div align="center">
    <figure>
        <div>
            <img src="www/screenshots/home.png" alt="Home" title="Home" width="700">
        </div>
    </figure>
</div>

Read my latest home automation adventures at **[Homepants Adventures in Home Automation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1an2jVSSL7772mU4Qr8294ZOcDxZYYJWXSviaB68ECYs/edit?usp=sharing) e-book


### Goals 
- **Full home automation with wife acceptance**

### [Automations](https://automations.yaml)


### Climate control 🌡
- **Lyric Thermostat** <sup>[WiFi]</sup> 

### Door Locks and Garage 👮
- **Schlage BE469 Touchscreen Deadbolt** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) front/back door locks and sounds alarm if forced entry
- **[OpenGarage](https://opengarage.io/)** <sup>[WiFi]</sup> to control and monitor garage door 

### Cameras
- **Arlo Ultra 4K UHD Security System** (x2)
- **Arlo Baby** 
- **WyzeCam v2**

### Speakers and Entertainment Systems 
- **Google Nest Hub** (x2) for displays that also stream the UI w/ the new home assistant casting feature 
- **Google Home**  
- **Google Home Max**
- **JBL Link 500**  
- **Insignia NS-CSPGASP** 
- **NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV**

### Light switches
- **GE 26933 Smart Motion Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) great light switches for motion detection in bathroom and stairway 
- **HomeSeer HS-WD200+ Wall Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> (x2) great light switches with easy to use dimmer lights
- **GE 26931 Smart Motion Switch** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> 
- **GE 14294 In-Wall Smart Dimmer** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> 
- **Zooz ZEN23 Toggle Switch V2.0** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>

### Light Bulbs
- **LIFX Mini White** <sup>[WiFi]</sup>
- **[LED Edison Buble Dimmable](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07D49R3KT)** only LED bulbs with a solid dim range otherwise best to use incandescent 

### Sensors 📡
- **FIBARO System FGMS001-ZW5 Motion Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Neo CoolCam Battery Powered PIR Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Kaipule PIR Celling Sensor** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup>
- **Xiaomi Mi Smart Home Aqara Human Body Sensor** (x2) works through the Xiaomi gateway 

<p align="right"><a href="#top" title="Back to top">🔝</a></p>

### Human interfaces 
- **[Aeotec ZW130 WallMote Quad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vc1Ift7ND8)** <sup>[Z-Wave]</sup> remote control.

### Hubs and Bridges
- **Xiaomi smart multifunctional gateway** <sup>[WiFi</sup> to control Xiaomi device and sensors 

## Setup 🔩
- **Sigma Designs UZB Z-Wave USB Adapter** for low-power consumption & the reliability that Zigbee isn't
- **WiFi** whenever possible
